Everyone paid me for this
It's their fault
What did you say general
Anyway, I'm already a sinner of lobsters through the ages
Just don't do it all the time
Huang Bochuan, you are also a descendant of the founding heroes
You seek foreign glory
Are you worthy of your ancestors?
As long as I can avenge my brother and father
Even if I were to join the Van Dragon Alliance, I would still be willing
Sure enough, there is a vision after the hero
Two adults
As long as you can help me kill this neighbor's remnant
I 50,000 Wang Jiajun
Wish to be a dragon pioneer
Wang's father is here
It really opened my eyes, kids
Satan is the devil at the top of the Zen Forest Killing God List
Satan is the master of the world
Like grass skills
The means are extremely cruel
We're really done now
Lin Tze, weren't you very arrogant just now?
Do you still dare to fight now?
just right
I haven't met a decent opponent in a long time
How dare you?